Author: Mohd Hamid
EmailId: hamid7825@gmail.com

Files:
Server.js : It is main file to run the Application and combines code from all the other files.
Instructions: It contains all the information regarding the code organization.
Implentation: It contains all the implementation related details.
package.json: It contains the basic information about app and various dependencies.

Folders:
1. database: contains all the models that are used in the application.
	i. models.
		a. company: model to store company data.
		B. comstu: model to store data for student registered for company.
		a. student: model to store student data.
	
2. node_modules: Contains all the modules that are used in the application.
3. public: contains all the css, image and vendor files that are used.
4. views: contains all the ejs templating files .
	a. addcompanyshow.ejs: it shows that the company data is successfully stored.
	b. addcompstu.ejs: it shows that the student is successfully registered for the company.
	c. addstudent.ejs: it shows the form to enter student data.
	d. addstushow.ejs: it shows that the student data is successfully stored.
	e. editstudent.ejs: it shows the form to edit student data.
	f. footer.ejs: it is the footer used in all pages.
	g. header.ejs: it is the header used in all pages.
	h. index.ejs: it is the home page of the website.
	i. regcompany.ejs: it shows the form to enter company data.
	j. regstu.ejs: it shows the form to register student for a company.
	k. removestudent.ejs: it shows the form to remove student data.
	l. searchstudent.ejs: it shows the form to search student data.
	m. show.ejs: it shows the result of remove student page.
	n. show1.ejs: it shows the result of search student page.
	o. show2.ejs: it shows the result of edit student page.
	p. showcom.ejs: it shows all the student registered for any company.
	q. showcomp.ejs it shows the result of remove company page.
	r. showforcomp.ejs: it shows the form to show all student registered for the company.
	s. showforstu.ejs: it shows the form to show all company registered by the student.
	t. showstu.ejs: it shows all the company registered by any student.
	u. showstucomp.ejs: it shows the result of unregister student from company.
	v. sidebar.ejs: sidebar template used in all pages.
	w. sidenext.ejs: sidenext template used in all pages.
	x. temp.ejs: it shows the error page while entering any values in the form.
	y. unregcompany.ejs: it shows the form to remove company from the databse.
	z. unregstu.ejs: it contains the form to unregister studnet from company.


How to run the game:
Firstly open cmd in administrator mode and type "net start mongodb"
Goto the folder containg all the files and open Git Bash here and type nodemon server.js
Then open Google Chrome and visit "localhost:3000/"

